TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## Item-brief
- Add support for stacked items
- Add sac count to container

## Auto-Tank
 - auto-cast should just keep firing until all met
 - add support for regenerate
 - refactor auto-grapple and auto-rescue

## Maps
 - Add mapping for White Queen treasury in Chess Board
 - `map locate` should consider sub maps
 - handle Charon flight in UW
 - handle Star Wars flight
 - Missing map links for:
   - Goth Camps
   - Golden Pagoda
   - Hell
   - Rhyoden Kingdom
   - Scipio Dreaming
   - Shadow Rift
   - Shadow Storm
- Add common paths:
   - ged -> star Wars
   - ged -> trog caves
   - ged -> great pyramid

   - trog caves -> rhyo
   - trog caves -> ged

   - nt -> ged
   - nt -> amusement park
   - nt -> toy box
   - nt -> jails
   - nt -> valhalla

   - wnt -> nt
   - wnt -> aerie
   - wnt -> cedar
   - wnt -> hellas
   - wnt -> darkspire
   - wnt -> straight path
   - wnt -> nightmire
   - wnt -> southern mid

   - nightmire -> wnt

   - straight path -> wnt

   - darkspire -> wnt
   - darkspire -> dragon city
   - darkspire -> three of swords

   - dragon city -> dark mountain

   - hellas -> wnt

   - cedar -> wnt

   - aerie -> wnt

   - fred -> sst
   - fred -> corsair
   - fred -> drake
   - fred -> lost isle
   - fred -> sanct
   - fred -> sb

   - sanct -> fred
   - sanct -> mahn-tor
   - sanct -> floodland

   - floodland -> sanct
   - floodland -> sb

   - sb -> fred
   - sb -> sieged
   - sb -> wandering ship
   - sb -> gyles
   - sb -> amber forest
   - sb -> ancient ship
   - sb -> arctic empire
   - sb -> refuge and asylum
   - sb -> westside of floodland

   - ancient ship -> sb
   - ancient ship -> ravenna
   - ancient ship -> owl

   - owl -> ancient ship

   - ravenna -> ancient ship

   - amber forest -> sb

   - sieged - > sb

   - wandering ship -> sb

   - gyles -> sb

   - mahn-tor -> sanct

   - lost isle -> fred

   - corsair -> fred

   - drake -> fred

   - jails -> nt

   - toybox -> nt

   - amusement park -> nt

Commit message:

feat(): Initial set of wiki scripts

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## Item-brief
- Add support for stacked items
- Add sac count to container
- Add sac view to shop vendors

## Wiki
- Add link to loot log of NPC
- Add loot log to Item
- Add zone descriptions to templates
- Add item list to Zone
- Add npc list to Zone
- Add initial page

## Auto-Tank
 - nps blocking magic prevent auto-cast from resetting
 - auto-cast should just keep firing until all met
 - add support for regenerate
 - refactor auto-grapple and auto-rescue

## Maps
 - Add mapping for White Queen treasury in Chess Board
 - `map locate` should consider sub maps
 - Handle universe wagon
 - handle Charon flight in UW
 - handle Star Wars flight
 - Missing map links for:
   - Goth Camps
   - Golden Pagoda
   - Hell
   - Rhyoden Kingdom
   - Scipio Dreaming
   - Shadow Rift
   - Shadow Storm
- Add common paths:
   - ged -> star Wars
   - ged -> trog caves
   - ged -> great pyramid

   - trog caves -> rhyo
   - trog caves -> ged

   - nt -> ged
   - nt -> amusement park
   - nt -> toy box
   - nt -> jails
   - nt -> valhalla

   - wnt -> nt
   - wnt -> aerie
   - wnt -> cedar
   - wnt -> hellas
   - wnt -> darkspire
   - wnt -> straight path
   - wnt -> nightmire
   - wnt -> southern mid

   - nightmire -> wnt

   - straight path -> wnt

   - darkspire -> wnt
   - darkspire -> dragon city
   - darkspire -> three of swords

   - dragon city -> dark mountain

   - hellas -> wnt

   - cedar -> wnt

   - aerie -> wnt

   - fred -> sst
   - fred -> corsair
   - fred -> drake
   - fred -> lost isle
   - fred -> sanct
   - fred -> sb

   - sanct -> fred
   - sanct -> mahn-tor
   - sanct -> floodland

   - floodland -> sanct
   - floodland -> sb

   - sb -> fred
   - sb -> sieged
   - sb -> wandering ship
   - sb -> gyles
   - sb -> amber forest
   - sb -> ancient ship
   - sb -> arctic empire
   - sb -> refuge and asylum
   - sb -> westside of floodland

   - ancient ship -> sb
   - ancient ship -> ravenna
   - ancient ship -> owl

   - owl -> ancient ship

   - ravenna -> ancient ship

   - amber forest -> sb

   - sieged - > sb

   - wandering ship -> sb

   - gyles -> sb

   - mahn-tor -> sanct

   - lost isle -> fred

   - corsair -> fred

   - drake -> fred

   - jails -> nt

   - toybox -> nt

   - amusement park -> nt
